BD-2686 Add note to link shortening testing (#6665)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/sms/campaign/link_shortening.md

Make sure to save the campaign or Canvas before sending a test message to receive the shortened URL that will be dispatched in your message. If the campaign or Canvas is not saved before a test send, the test send will contain a placeholder URL.

{% alert important %}

> If a draft is created within an active Canvas, a shortened URL will not be generated. The actual shortened URL will be generated when the Canvas draft is promoted to active.

Reviewer: Minor reword suggestion to avoid the phrasing "promoted to active"
```suggestion
If a draft is created within an active Canvas, a shortened URL will not be generated. The actual shortened URL will be generated when the Canvas draft is made active.
```
